suggesting new copyright (#54)
tanzquotient/etds-website: README.md

Note that this injection means that any `<script>` contained in the HTML snippets
will be re-run as the user navigates around the app!
So in order to avoid re-definitions, global variables/functions should be placed directly in `index.html`.

## Copyright

> Copyright © 2025 Remy Kabel, Thore Göbel, Burkhard Ringlein, ETDS community. All rights reserved. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright Remy Kabel, Daniel Reus, Thore Göbel, Burkhard Ringlein, and the ETDS community.
All rights reserved. 
```
